# CS320


    How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?

I am able to make sure that my code is functional and secure by using tests to validate it. The first tests that I use represent the base function of the application and include tests like Junit tests or other unit tests. This tests the input and data validation of the program. A correctly tested program should throw and catch exceptions generated by the code whenever it is used incorrectly. I can then use manual and automated testing to test for security vulnerabilites. Often, automated testing can be used for both funtional and security testing. This provides a great way to test code for vulnerabilities or errors that one might have been missed, or are inefficient to manualy test. 

    How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?

I am able to interpret the needs of my users by completing documentation which is based on interviews and analysis from the users themselves. Once I have interviewed users for their needs, I create documentation which represents those needs clearly so that I can follow them throughout development and then test my code to make sure that it directly meets those needs. 

    How do I approach designing software?

I approach designing my software by following the Agile Methodology and Object-Oriented program to ensure that my code meets industry standards and is also devloped in one of the most efficient ways. In this specific class, we used Test-Driven-Development this involves testing of every stage of development to esnure that it meets the functional and security needs designated by the program lead/users. 
